{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibre-Medium;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibre-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Calibre-MediumItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green72\blue156;\red0\green166\blue184;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ABOUT:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\f1\fs20 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
\
YOUR ADDRESS IS NOT THE ONLY PLACE YOU LIVE. YOU ARE POST-GEOGRAPHIC. \
I CONTINUOUSLY EXCHANGE DATA WITH THE LEBANESE DIASPORA, CREATING A NEW NATION THAT EXISTS EVERYWHERE AND NOWHERE.\kerning1\expnd1\expndtw8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\f2 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw6
Through this networked and dispersed nation, \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
I \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 simultaneously capture photographs, text, and \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
sounds \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
in different locations and time zones around the \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
world. These collections form experimental maps, \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
collapsing time and space into a single moment.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
I stumbled upon the term \'93post-geographic\'94 in a \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
review I read of the book Zero History by the fiction \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 writer William Gibson. This contemporary concept gave me a framework in which I could make sense out of the thoughts and emotions I have been developing since I moved away from Lebanon to study in the United States. The term helped me answer questions like: Why do I feel like I am simultaneously in Doha and Baltimore when I am continuously exchanging data \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
with a friend living in Qatar? Geography is no longer \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 the frame of reference that defines relationships. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\fs48 \cf0 EXPOSURE\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\f1\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
EXPOSURE IS A CAMERA THAT TRAVELED TO SIX STATES IN THE USA. THE ITINERARY WAS BALTIMORE, NYC, PITTSBURGH, NASHVILLE, ROCHESTER, DALLAS, SAN FRANCISCO THEN BACK TO BALTIMORE.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\f2 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
This project aims at representing the collapse of several \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
locations into one space. The analog film strip will host \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 photographs of seven different American states. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
The participants are Lebanese and are asked to capture \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 the street signs on which they currently live, their home away from home. After doing so, they will send it to another Lebanese to capture the same photos.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\i \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Thanks to Ziad El Bizri, Victor Chedid, May Daher, Joe Eid, Abdallah El Sabbagh and Gilbert Haddad for their time.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\i0\fs48 \cf0 PLUGS
\i\fs20 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\f1\i0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd2\expndtw10
CONTEMPORARY TRAVELING REQUIRES A LAYER \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw8
OF RESEARCH THAT WAS PREVIOUSLY NOT AS \kerning1\expnd2\expndtw10
ESSENTIAL. TODAY WE TRAVEL WITH LAPTOPS, \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw6
SMART PHONES, TABLETS, HAIR DRYERS... AND \uc0\u8232 \kerning1\expnd2\expndtw10
WE ASK: WHAT TYPE OF OUTLET DO THEY USE \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw8
OVER THERE?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\f2 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
I have been carrying around a traveler\'92s adapter plug \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
in my suitcase for some years now and this object has \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
never ceased to enchant me. It represents  a coalition of countries in one object, it allows access to power and comes together as one entity. It is global.\
\
I spent some time recreating plugs from several materials, scanning them as well as researching the reasons why they differ from country to country, all along colonization. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\fs48 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 GLOBAL ROOM \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\f1\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw8
THERE\'92S ONLY SO MANY PLACES I CAN BE, UNLESS I EXCHANGE DATA WITH MY FRIENDS THROUGH OUR SMART-PHONES. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\f2 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
I collected photographs that were recorded around the world, in several cities, at the same time. I asked for \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
photos of ceilings, floors, surroundings... I juxtaposed \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
these photographs to create a room that I called: the \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
global room. This attempt reflects on a simultaneously \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
presence in all of those cities.\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\fs48 \cf0 GLOBAL PARTY \

\fs20 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw8
THERE\'92S ONLY SO MANY PLACES I CAN BE, UNLESS \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
I EXCHANGE DATA WITH MY FRIENDS THROUGH \kerning1\expnd2\expndtw10
OUR SMART-PHONES, THIS TIME WITH AUDIO.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\f2 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
I asked my friends, at a given time, to record whatever \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ambient sound they were immersed in. Thanks to the \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
difference in time zones, the recordings were different.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
Some of my friends were in school, some at a bar, at \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
work or commuting. I played all the audio recordings simultaneously to get a cacophony of sounds, just like a party. This project is entitled: global party. \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\fs48 \cf0 DRAW YOUR ICON
\fs20 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
A SLICED MAP PIN REPRESENTS FOR ME A DISPERSED \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw8
COMMUNITY THAT ORIGINATED FROM ONE PLACE BUT IS NO LONGER BOUND TO IT. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\f2 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 I asked my Lebanese designer friends who have lived, \uc0\u8232 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
or are currently living, away from Lebanon, to represent in a pictograph their interpretation of the concept of post-geography and this phenomenon of living between different time zones.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Thanks to Myriam Arab, Amani Boudargham, Mo Saad, Clara Ghandour, Lynn Abdouni, Grace Salem, Mia Azar and Mayssa Moubarak for their time and their creativity.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\i0\fs48 \cf0 ARE WE Multinational
\i\fs20 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\f3 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw8
MORE POST GEOGRAPHIC THAN MULTINATIONAL 
\f1\i0 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw8
IS A CONVERSATION I FOUND ONLINE BETWEEN READERS OF WILLIAM GIBSON.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\f2 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
I took the online conversation and transformed it to a \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
print piece. It is broken down into the three branches of topics that were discussed and the points made.\
\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
Since the conversation ended in 2011, I decided to \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw6
resuscitate it with three of my Lebanese friends who \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 do not live in Lebanon anymore. The conversation was \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
conducted on gmail. At a given point, I took the content of the thread and visualized it in a website: \
www.nourtabetplays.com/postgeography\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
Thanks to Omar El Bizri, Joanna Douba Jabak and \
Lynn Abdouni Saleh for their time.
\i0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\fs48 \cf0 EXHIBITION\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\f1\fs20 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
THE SHOW EXHIBITS AND EXPANDS ON FOUR TYPES \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw6
OF COLLECTIONS: PHOTOGRAPHIC, METAPHORIC, \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
ACOUSTIC AND PHYSICAL.\cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\f2 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 I printed the Global Room in parts, that is made out of\uc0\u8232 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
surroundings, ceilings and floors. Each print out is underlined \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 by a shelf that carries a collection.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
The first shelf carries a collection of jars of sand. I asked \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 few friends of mine to gather a soil sample of where they \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
reside and send it to me. The second shelf displays five \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 plugs that are abstracted by 3D printing at 200%. The third one holds an iPad that displays an interactive website of the global party. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\i \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 This project was installed with the help of the Lebanese community of Baltimore City.}