{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibre-Medium;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibre-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green72\blue156;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ESSAY\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\f1\fs20 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
MY PARENTS LIVE IN BEIRUT. MY MOTHER FLIES OFTEN\uc0\u8232 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
TO DUBAI FOR WORK. MY BROTHER CALLS PHILADELPHIA\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 HOME AND TRAVELS MONTHLY TO EUROPE FOR CLIENT\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
 MEETINGS. MY OTHER BROTHER WAS LIVING IN VIENNA AND RECENTLY MOVED TO MONTREAL. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
AS FOR ME, I LIVE IN BALTIMORE AND AM MOVING TO DC.
\f2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 I am twenty-eight years old, and whenever I have to \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
answer \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 the question, \'93Where are you from\'94 I pause and stare blankly.\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-1
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Most people at twenty-eight can answer this question. My \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
family and I reside everywhere and the answer I always \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
respond with is:</br>\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw6
<strong>I am Lebanese</strong></br></br>
\i \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw6
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\i0\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
But am I really? I am internationally identified as Lebanese. I carry a Lebanese \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
passport. I was born in Lebanon, a tiny country in the Middle East. I was raised \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 to look forward to moving to a better place, not knowing exactly what and where\uc0\u8232 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
it was. This ambition made of me foreigner in the country I grew up in. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
The \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 day I left was August 15, 2011, at 2:30 am GMT +2, and the departure was orchestrated\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
 by Delta Airways. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 The better place was finally identified: United States of America. Three years after leaving, I successfully detached myself from my \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
childhood home, but have not found my adult home. I still don\'92t relate to a particular geographic location. Instead, my hopes have matured into a realization that the better \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
place \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 is a community of my own making. But, before I go on describing this environment,\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
 let me explain my inability to belong to the country I was born in, Lebanon.</br>\
\
The Republic of Lebanon was established on November 22, 1943, after 20 years of a French mandate preceded by five hundred years of Ottoman rule. Before \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-1
that were the Crusaders, Mamluks, Seljuks, Fatimids, Abbasids, Umayyads, Romans,\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
 Hellenistic, Assyrians, Persians, Egyptians and Phoenicians. My DNA is a fusion of the DNA of the people who passed through the 10452km2 that make up the country. However, I, today, am recognized as an Arab.</br>\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw6
<strong>I am a Lebanese Arab. </strong></br></br>\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
But am I really? The civil war into which I was born geographically segregated \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
the demographics of Lebanon according to religion. I grew up in a Christian \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 neighborhood that happened to host an Armenian community. I went to a \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
Catholic high school but attended Greek Orthodox Sunday mass with my maternal grandmother (because she was not Catholic). I grew up in the Christian part of Lebanon. Until I was 18, I did not know any non-Christian Lebanese.</br>\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw6
<strong>I am a Lebanese Christian Arab.</strong></br></br>\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
But am I really? The Republic of Lebanon functions according to sectarian laws. For example, as a Maronite Christian (which is a religious group specific to the Levantine region), I cannot get a divorce by law, whereas my Sunni Muslim friend can. She, on the other hand, would not inherit her father\'92s property, because Sunni laws prohibits women from inheriting. My civil rights are dictated by the Maronite Church.</br>\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw6
<strong>I am a Lebanese Maronite Christian Arab. </strong></br></br>\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 But am I really? The current education system in Lebanon was designed \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
by \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 the \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
French after world war one. The schooling was conducted in French, even though \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
the official language of Lebanon was and still is Arabic. English missionaries established schools later that taught in English as well, making almost all of the \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Lebanese population \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
trilingual.</br>\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1

\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw6
<strong>I am a Lebanese Christian Arab. Je suis une Libanaise Arabe Chr\'e9tienne. Ana Libneniyyeh Arabiyyeh Masihhiyyeh.</strong></br></br>
\b0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
\
But am I really? My answer today is no, no, no and no. I do not want to live \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-1
like \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
that, and neither did the other 15 million Lebanese who reside ou\kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-1
tside of \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
Lebanon. Today, I am adult enough to reconsider things and reject others.</br></br>\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
All of these labels determined my childhood lifestyle: the school I went to, the \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Lebanese\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
 \'93Christian\'94 dialect I speak, my civil rights... yet they did not shape my values. My identity was developed due to external factors that were coincidental. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 I did not choose to be a Lebanese Maronite Christian Arab even though being \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
one impacted my day-to-day life. </br></br>\
\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
My life changed when I went to college in the capital of Lebanon, Beirut. I met \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 people from other parts of the country, with different religious beliefs, who actually shared values and interests with me more than the people I knew \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
growing up. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 These new relationships made me realize that I could be part of an entity that was\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
 not based on location nor religion. This also made me question this \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
segregation and the tremendous effect it had on me. I needed to disconnect \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
from it, in order \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
to connect to a place where I was identified through my values. Thinking that \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
a country that doesn\'92t identify its people through their religion would be the \'93better place,\'94 I decided to pursue my graduate studies in the USA. </br></br>\
\
One of my earliest observations after having met my classmates at MICA was that they use the word home freely. They can refer through it to the latest city they were living in, where they were born, and/or where they were raised. I appreciated the loose relationships with geography, and I thought to myself, \'93Success, maybe I can claim to belong here.\'94</br></br>\
\
I was determined to adapt and connect to this new culture I was physically in. I did not hang out with Lebanese. Instead, I went to house parties, and drank beer from that red plastic cup. However, I became homesick. Lebanon was always on my mind and remained a reference point, whether good or bad. </br></br>\
\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
I found myself living two lives. One was physical, in Baltimore, in which I was \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
doing my best to adapt to a new life I deliberately chose. The second life was \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
virtual, in which I was maintaining frequent contact with my Lebanese friends \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
who have also, in turn, left Lebanon in search of new identities. More than five of my closest friends had also become emigrants, in different parts of the world. Communicating with them enabled me to travel, virtually, and simultaneously, \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
across time zones. This dispersal created a stronger tie between us. We were sharing \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
the like and dislikes of the new places we moved to and compared \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
everything \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
to \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
Lebanon. Two years later, I am exhausted trying to adapt to the US culture. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 I realize I will always be the one with an accent. My name will never be pronounced\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
 correctly, and I will always need someone to explain to me learn and understand the slang terms used around me. </br></br>\
\
My hopes of being from somewhere have been lost. I still don\'92t identify myself as from a particular geographic location. I, on the other hand, became intrigued by these new kinds of relationships I was building across a geographically dispersed \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 network of friends. I would be having breakfast in Baltimore, and my friend in Doha would be having dinner at the same time. I wondered how a dispersed \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
population \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw6
could be so connected? Through those virtual relationships powered by apps \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
like Skype, FaceTime, whatsapp, and viber, I was developing a new community that I could call \'93The Nation of the Lebanese diaspora\'94, a place that \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
is not found on a regular map and that only includes people of my choice. </br></br>\
\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
I stumbled upon the term \'93post-geographic\'94 in a review I read of the book Zero \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
History by the fiction writer William Gibson. This contemporary concept gave \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
me a framework in which I could start defining this communication that powers \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
the community I unintentionally created, the community I belong to. Let me tell you about it.</br></br>\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
My community includes people separated by oceans and is not situated anywhere \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
in particular. It encompasses individuals with Lebanese roots but is not labelled \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
as Lebanon because it does not identify with the irrational segregation system \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
Lebanon follows. It is not divided by religion, but it tolerates all rituals and rejoices in its diversity.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
</br></br>\
\
Members of my community do not have accents, and their names are universally recognizable. They blend in with the populations of any country they visit and \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
every other community they interact with. The members of my community are \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 international travelers but they are not nomads. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
</br></br>\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
My community is not bound to any timezone and it doesn\'92t confine itself to the GMT system. It magically celebrates the arrival of every new year simultaneously \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
around the globe. Its members can be having breakfast in one place and dinner \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
simultaneously in another. I designed my community using technological tools, \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 including the internet. My community soothes my homesickness through exchange\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
 of data with my network yet doesn\'92t carry the burdens of a continuous presence since I choose when to be part of it and when to ignore it; this is its beauty.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
</br></br>\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
Through this network, I capture photographs, text, and sounds simultaneously \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
in different locations and time zones around the world. These collections allow \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
me to travel through time and be with my parents in Beirut every Saturday at noon GMT-5, as this is our Skype date. Knowing they are a button away makes it easier to see them on a tiny screen yet not touch them. Technology, internet and globalization power my community and bring every person I miss to the same location, at the same longitude and latitude, my devices.</br></br>\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 My community acknowledges this absurd feeling of being together when we\'92re not.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 It answers the question: how close can we get to someone who is a thousand \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
miles away? My community is a contemporary definition of denial perhaps, but it \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 comforts me\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
. It is a resort I go to whenever I feel disconnected from the culture \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 I \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
am physically immersed in, even though it only satisfies sight and hearing and\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
leaves other senses thirsty. The process of collecting data from my friends \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
who live all over the world is an ongoing one that can be visualized in endless ways, and this is what is appealing to me. For the past year I have been visually \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 representing these collections that are recorded simultaneously around the world \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
by my Lebanese friends in the diaspora. By sharing this data with each other, \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
we\uc0\u8232 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
recreate our own little place. I can write a book about the flaws of Lebanon, \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 why I cannot live there, and how different my values are than most of the Lebanese,\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw2
 but one thing I will always be sure of is that this Lebanese community will always be there, wherever it is located.}